Create 2025-10-21-the-road-to-core-solidity.md (#154)
ethereum/solidity-website: src/posts/2025-10-21-the-road-to-core-solidity.md

are uniformly priced.
Similarly, code being read and priced in chunks will introduce new constraints on how the compiler
can lay it out in the binary.
Especially first access to data sections will incur an extra penalty in contracts that do not
fit in a single chunk.

## The future of Classic Solidity
For a long time we have been reluctant to add too many new language features to Classic Solidity
and complicate its implementation even further, while also potentially introducing design elements that
would constrain our options in Core Solidity.
Our hope was to quickly finish Core Solidity and implement them with much less effort on top of it.
Some as a part of the new standard library, some as syntax sugar, both of which would come with much
less maintenance burden and better extensibility.
The language was essentially in a soft feature freeze.

With the scope of Core Solidity becoming clearer and it morphing into a separate subproject,
we have decided to change this approach and take Classic Solidity a bit further,
as long as it does not conflict with the long-term direction of the new frontend.

> We will soon publish what we termed "The future of Classic Solidity: A roadmap wishlist" - a list of language features that we are open to still implementing in the current language, categorized by the required implementation and design effort as well as the value it will provide in the long term, when Core Solidity takes over.

Reviewer: Inserting a blog title like this reads a bit awkward. It's no longer a term, just a title :) How about changing it to this?
```suggestion
"The future of Classic Solidity: A roadmap wishlist" - one of the upcoming posts in this series - will present a list of language features that we are open to still implementing in the current language, categorized by the required implementation and design effort as well as the value it will provide in the long term, when Core Solidity takes over.
```
